CHANGES in BioGeoBEARS VERSION 0.21

NEW FEATURES

    o added detection probability models
    o added calculations of prior probabilities of ranges, conditional likelihoods of 
      detection/taphonomic control counts conditional on ranges, and posterior probabilities
      of ranges, given their priors and data likelihoods
    o added more plotting options, e.g. pie charts on corners
    o added rounding to plot of cladogenesis model
    o added CITATION file and information

BUG FIXES

    o Fixed minor bugs in the plot_BioGeoBEARS_model function.

OTHER CHANGES

    o none
    


CHANGES in BioGeoBEARS VERSION 0.2

NEW FEATURES

    o Added new functions for displaying ancestral range estimates, a legend for same, 
      and a graphical depiction of the initial or inferred model parameters & speciation
      model.
    o Added new function features for incorporating fossil tips in the likelihood 
      calculations in the correct way, stratifying the tree correctly so that the same
      likelihoods are produced in stratified and un-stratified analyses under the same 
      model.  Several utility functions to aid with steps of this.
    o Added an error check function to catch many of the common sources of problems, e.g.
      mismatches between the tip names in the input Newick and geography data files.
    o Added importFrom() commands to the NAMESPACE for the several packages where only 
      one or a few functions were needed.

BUG FIXES

    o fixed minor bug in tree sectioning/chainsaw2 function, which was due to not all
      concatenated labels being strsplit on commas, then sorted, then concatenated again,
      before being compared.

OTHER CHANGES

    o removed LaplacesDemon dependency, as that package is now maintained off CRAN. 
      Bayesian functions using LP have been moved to an example script.
    





CHANGES in BioGeoBEARS VERSION 0.1.2

NEW FEATURES

    o more examples

BUG FIXES

    o using normalizePath() to make examples work in Windows (fixing compile error
      noted by Uwe of CRAN)

OTHER CHANGES

    o none
    